Jailbreak 7/22 更新指南(附翻譯)
New features:

Added Trading VIP GamePass with animated trade tags, Trade Hub and Jailbreak menu buttons, custom chat text, and more.

Added HyperChrome and HyperShift colors.

Added Robbery Bonus Rewards with new wheel spin Ul. This system Is modular and will go towards our upcoming Safe Revamp.

New levels of rarity with updated colors and glows.

Added ‘Snake’ Vehicle for a limited time, with working air brake on the wing.

Added 'New Monster Truck", a free upgrade with existing owners with updated pertormance. off roadIng, tires. and styling.

Added new Police Siren with cleaner looks and greally reduced part count. This could have helpful performance Implications for full servers.

新功能:

增加了帶有動畫貿易標簽的貿易VIP遊戲證，貿易中心和越獄菜單按鈕，自定義標語文本，以及更多。

增加了HyperChrome和HyperShift顏色。

增加了帶有新轉盤Ul的搶劫獎金獎勵。這個系統是模塊化的，將用於我們即將進行的保險箱改造。新的稀有程度與更新的顏色和光芒。

增加了 "Snake "限定車

增加了 “新怪物卡車”，這是現有車主的免費升級，更新了性能、越野、輪胎和造型。

增加了新的警用警報器，外觀更簡潔，零件數量大大減少。這可能會對完整的服務器產生有益的性能影響。


Weapons:

Addressed "Gun Spam’ or "Double Pump’ by adding an equipping delay when rapidly switching between specific weapons. The delay is based on the previous weapons fire rate and reload rate.

Visualized weapon damage now accumulates again to show total damage dealt.

Rockets from RocketLaunchers are now faster.

RocketLauncher damage radius has been increased

RockelLauncher fire rate has decreased.

Revolver bullets now have greater gravity.

Grenade ‘magazine’ size is now 10.


武器:

解決了 "槍支spamming "或 "double pump "問題，在特定武器之間快速切換時增加了裝備延遲。該延遲是基於之前的武器射速和重裝率。

可視化的武器傷害現在會再次累積以顯示所造成的總傷害。

火箭發射器的火箭彈現在更快。

火箭筒的傷害半徑增加

火箭筒的開火率減慢了。

左輪手槍的子彈現在具有更大的重力。

手榴彈的彈夾大小現在為10。


Vehicles:

More than two dozen vehicles with poor textures have been upgraded to resolve this. This required creating new texture maps, re-exporting from Blender, and generating more than 2,000 new texture Images.

New garage category 'Second Body Texture- allows you to apply a second different texture to vehicles that support this.

Improved collision physics on all vehicles for Increased performance. This should have a noticeable Impact on full servers.

Older vehicles with doors now support textures (Except CrewCapsule and Ambulance).

Planes now support modern textures.

Planes now have texture support for wing flaps.

Planes now have Body Color support for wing flaps.

Planes now emit contrails from their wing tips.

Fixed Macaron and Badger having mirror. textures.

Macaron now supports textures on the wing.

Torero rear wheels have been sized up and centered.

Vehicle paint colors have been updated to be brighter and more vibrant.

Vehicle bodies now have sky reflections for Graphics 3.

Rims and Spoilers match body paints and now have reflectance for Graphics 3.

New tire models for all vehicles with fewer polygons and realer material.

Fixed an issue where tire tread was backwards on some models.

Trailblazer now has new dual rear tires.

Vehicles are now more stable at high speeds thanks to a discovery from ShadowSamurai720.

Fixed an issue where vehicles could not reach their top speed due to poor gearing, thanks to gearing adjustments by ShadowSamurai720.

Rims, Spoilers and other parts no longer have Mass for better weight control (Thank you again, ShadowSamurai720.)

Bank Truck Is now a little bit faster. Headlights and brake lights now default off when spawned.

Engine sounds have been reduced for improved Voice chat experiences.

Engine sounds now roll off better when disappearing into the distance (Thanks Phindr.)

Updated headlights of the Ray9 and other vehicles to be reflective and properly black.

Vehicles are now less likely to flip when cruising at high speeds. at least when riding alone.


車輛:

已經對二十多輛車輛進行了升級。這需要創建新的紋理地圖，從Blender重新導出，並生成2000多個新的紋理圖像。

新的車庫類別 "第二車身紋理–允許你對支持這個的車輛應用第二個不同的紋理。

改進了所有車輛的碰撞物理學，以提高性能。這應該對服務器有明顯的影響。

有門的舊車輛現在支持紋理（CrewCapsule 和 Ambulance除外）。

飛機現在支持現代紋理。

飛機現在支持機翼襟翼的紋理。

飛機現在支持機身顏色的襟翼。

飛機現在可以從其翼尖發出尾流。

修正了Macaron和Badger的鏡像紋理。

Macaron現在支持機翼上的紋理。

Torero後輪的尺寸已被調整並居中。

車輛油漆的顏色已經更新，變得更加明亮和鮮艷。

在graphic 3的設定下, 車輛主體現在有天空反射,輪輞和擾流板與車身油漆相匹配以及反光效果。

所有車輛的新輪胎模型，更少多邊形，材料更真實。

修正了某些模型上的輪胎花紋倒退的問題。

Trailblazer現在有了新的雙後輪胎。

ShadowSamurai720的協助:

車輛現在在高速行駛時更加穩定。

修正了車輛因齒輪不理想而無法達到最高速度的問題。
輪輞、擾流板和其他部件不再有質量，以便更好地控制重量(再次感謝ShadowSamurai720)

銀行卡車加快。

頭燈和剎車燈現在默認在生成時關閉。

發動機的聲音已經減少，以改善語音聊天的體驗。

當消失在遠處時，發動機的聲音現在可以更好地滾落（感謝Phindr。）

更新了Ray9和其他車輛的頭燈，使其具有反射性，並且是適當的黑色。

車輛在高速駕駛時減少了翻轉的可能性，至少在獨自騎行時是這樣。

Vehicle performance:

ShadowSamurai720 has improved some existing vehicles for better dining or falrer performance. You can find these below: Camaro is now quicker from a stop for Level 1 and Level 5 engines. Top speed increased from 123 to 140.

Pickup Is now quicker from a stop.

Fixed an Issue where Deja would slowdown when reaching top speed. You can now reach 140.

Ray has Increased launch and acceleration with a top speed of 145.

Interrogator weight change improves top speed from 120 to 155.

Badger. Boxer, SUV, ATV, Mustang, Classic, Porsche, Ambulance now have Increased top speed.

Wraith top speed increased from 130 to 160.

Jackrabbit no longer has gear selection issues when drifting, and is better at climbing.

Increased launch of Volt4x4.

Increased offroad capability for Trailblazer.

Arachnid now has an “Overdrive” gear. Approach top speed and you’ll launch ahead to the top speed like a rocket.

Concept car has been buffed with a top speed from 277 to 313.


車輛性能:

ShadowSamurai720已經改進了一些現有的車輛，以獲得更好的性能。你可以在下面找到這些:

Camaro在對於1級和5級發動機來說，在停止時更快。最高速度從123增加到140。

Pickup現在從停止時更快了。

修正了即Deja在達到最高速度時速度會變慢的問題。現在你可以達到140mPh。

Ray的啟動和加速能力增強，最高速度為145。

Interrogator重量的變化使最高速度從120提高到155。

Badger, Boxer、SUV、ATV、Mustang、Classic、Porsche和Ambulance現在都有增加的最高速度。

Wraith最高速度從130提高到160。

Jackrabbit在漂移時不再有選檔問題，在爬坡時更有優勢。

增加了Volt4x4的起步速度。

Trailblazer的越野能力增強。

Arachnid現在有一個 "超速 "檔。接近最高速度時，你會有火箭一樣的最高速度。

Concept的最高速度從277升至313。


Graphics:

New Day, Night. and Storm settings with support for ColorTint allowing bluer storms.

New rain and rain splash particles

Nights now pass twice as quick and days are longer to compensate.

Sun and Moon movements now happen 3x quicker for Day/Night transitions.

Skybox has been updated to remove the dark storm that took up a third of the sky.

New “Desert Road” type that lacks sidewalk but gains white lines. These new roads have ultrasmooth transitions to the terrain New “Asphalt” material for Roads and Roadstripes.

Roadstripes are now much flatter.

Roadstripe collisions have been fully fumed off.

Most Roads are now thicker, to provide less chances of being thrown underneath.

New 'Sand" material for beaches and deserts.

New Stone material for mesas.

Trees now have material on their foliage.

Replaced old remaining palm trees with new palm trees from the Crater City area.

Removed the oval racetrack and replaced with new desert and a new beach.

Trimmed terrain on the northwest side of the map for better shore lines and less terrain.

The crater near the old oval racetrack is now “Crater Lake”.

Casino exterior has been upgraded with gold and purple color scheme with gold statues.

Casino Interior has gained new casino themed details.

Changed Vault Floor glass material to reflective plastic instead of ice in the Casino.


畫質:

新的白天、夜晚和風暴設置，支持ColorTint，允許更藍(顔色)的風暴。

新的雨水和雨水濺射粒子

夜晚的時間現在快了一倍，白天則更長。

太陽和月亮的移動現在比白天/夜晚的轉換快了3倍。

天空已被更新，刪除了占據三分之一天空的黑暗風暴。

新的 "沙漠道路 "類型，沒有人行道但新增了白線。這些新的道路有超平滑的地形過渡。 新的 "瀝青 "材料用於道路和路條。

道路條紋現在更平坦了。

道路條紋的碰撞已經被完全消除。

大多數道路現在更厚，以提供更少的被拋到虛空的機會。

海灘和沙漠的新 "沙 "材料。

山上的新石頭材料。

樹木的葉子上現在有了材料。

在Crater Ciry替換了新的棕櫚樹材質。

拆除了橢圓形的賽馬場並用新的沙漠和新的海灘代替。

修剪了地圖西北側的地形，使海岸線更清晰，地形更少。

舊的橢圓形賽馬場附近的火山口現在是 “火山口湖”。

賭場外觀已升級為金色和紫色配色，並配有金色雕像(類mad city 賭場)。

賭場內部獲得了新的賭場主題的細節。

將金庫地板的玻璃材料改為反光塑料，而不是賭場里的冰材質。


Robberies:

We now Support waypoint stacking for multiple waypoints.

Remove Waypoint now removes the current waypoint.

Money Truck now uses the waypoint system to guide players to their drop-off point.

PowerPlant now uses the waypoint system to guide players to the volcano base

PowerPlant now plays the money reward sound when completing the robbery.

CargoShip now uses the waypoint system to guide players

Fixed CargoShip music not turning off when leaving the area.

Casino lightshow is now half as flashy and less Intense.


搶劫:

支持多個航點堆疊。

刪除航點現在可以刪除當前的航點(i.e.選擇刪除)。

運鈔車現在使用航點系統來引導玩家到他們的目的地。

PowerPlant現在使用航點系統來引導玩家到火山基地。

PowerPlant現在在完成搶劫時播放金錢獎勵的聲音。

Cargo ship現在使用航點系統來引導玩家。

修正了當離開該區域時，Cargo Ship的音樂沒有關閉的問題。

賭場的燈光現在只有一半的華麗程度，而且沒有那麽強烈(減少進賭場會眼瞎的機會(?)。


Trade Hub:

Added new materials to the Trade Hub.

Added a short timer to spawning vehicles In the Trade Hub to prevent vehicle spam.


交易中心:

在交易中心增加了新的材料。

為交易中心的車輛生成添加了一個短暫的計時器，以防止車輛被濫用生成。


Mobile/Xbox Specific:

Mobile/Console sensitivity sliders now function.

Sensitivity for sniper and other weapons have been reduced for all platforms.


手機/Xbox微調:

手機/控制台的靈敏度滑塊現在有作用了。

所有平台上的狙擊手和其他武器的靈敏度都有所降低。
